Dynamic authorization policy coverage updates (#35476)
dotnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/release-notes/aspnetcore-8.0.md

Prior to the release of .NET 8, adding a parameterized authorization policy to an endpoint required implementing:

* `AuthorizeAttribute` for each policy.
* `AuthorizationPolicyProvider` to process a custom policy from a string-based contract.
* `AuthorizationRequirement` for the policy.
* `AuthorizationHandler` for each requirement.

For example, consider the following code written for .NET 7:

:::code language="csharp" source="~/../AspNetCore.Docs.Samples/security/authorization/OldStyleAuthRequirements/Program.cs" highlight="9":::

:::code language="csharp" source="~/../AspNetCore.Docs.Samples/security/authorization/OldStyleAuthRequirements/Controllers/GreetingsController.cs" :::

:::code language="csharp" source="~/../AspNetCore.Docs.Samples/security/authorization/OldStyleAuthRequirements/Authorization/MinimumAgeAuthorizationHandler.cs" highlight="7,19":::

The complete sample for .NET 7 or earlier is the [OldStyleAuthRequirements sample app (`dotnet/AspNetCore.Docs.Samples` GitHub repository)](https://github.com/dotnet/AspNetCore.Docs.Samples/tree/main/security/authorization/OldStyleAuthRequirements) ([how to download](xref:blazor/fundamentals/index#sample-apps)).

> .NET 8 introduces the <xref:Microsoft.AspNetCore.Authorization.IAuthorizationRequirementData> interface. The `IAuthorizationRequirementData` interface allows the attribute definition to specify the requirements associated with the authorization policy. Using `IAuthorizationRequirementData`, the preceding custom authorization policy code can be written with fewer lines of code. The updated `Program.cs` file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ASP.NET Core 8 introduced the <xref:Microsoft.AspNetCore.Authorization.IAuthorizationRequirementData> interface. The `IAuthorizationRequirementData` interface allows the attribute definition to specify the requirements associated with the authorization policy. Using `IAuthorizationRequirementData`, the preceding custom authorization policy code can be written with fewer lines of code. The updated `Program.cs` file:
```
Minor item, but I think this should stay "ASP.NET Core" shouldn't it since it was `Microsoft.AspNetCore` specific.

Author: The "Core" language was retained to keep it distinct from the .NET Framework; although, little in this doc set would be confusing at this point on that aspect. These references are just referring to the release, and ASP.NET Core never had a different release cycle than .NET. Therefore, it's less wordy to just say ".NET X" when discussing a release. Otherwise, the reader has to read past all of these extra words.

This is one that we need a ruling on. @danroth27, when we're just referring to a release, can we just write ".NET X introduced ...," or do you want readers to keep reading "ASP.NET Core X introduced ..."? If you prefer the latter, I'll need to sweep the Blazor node. I'm always keen on using less words where I can to speed readers up, and Blazor docs rely heavily on just ".NET X" language.

Reviewer: Its a minor thing and does not need to hold up your PR. Determining what to do going forward is good though.  My thinking was that if a change is specific to just ASP.NET Core, as opposed to wider .NET scope then make that clear so it does not give the impression the new feature is used outside of ASP.NET Core for other app types.

Author: It's just referring to the release. The main distinction was for ASP.NET Core versus .NET Framework; but now that the versions have rolled well beyond 4/4.x, that's probably not confusing any longer.

Let's sit on this for the day to hear what Dan prefers. I'll need to sweep the Blazor node tho if we're going to "ASP.NET Core"-all-the-things 😄 . It seems wordy ... distracting ... to me these days to keep all of those extra letters 😆. I guess I'm a ***lazy*** 🦖 ***reader!***

If we don't hear back by EOD, I'll merge this ... and then issue a patch PR later if Dan wants the full, explicit name.
